hey guys what is up if you guys know me
I am a huge camera junkie and just
overall photography and videography
junkie and you guys can be damn sure
that I had a huge geekgasm when the
canon 5d mark 3 was announced so canon
has announced this March first and so
I'll just be running over some of the
details so it has been endlessly rumored
over the past couple months and finally
can decided to unveil this mother beast
this camera is sporting a digit 5 plus
processor which is thirty percent faster
than the original canon 5d mark two this
camera has also been said to handle
noise quite a bit better shots from the
mark two at 6,400 ISO were comparable to
the market three at iso 25600 so that is
a huge improvement so 25600 is oh that
is just insane this will also have a 3.2
inch LCD which is ultra clear a twenty
two point three megapixel CMOS sensor a
61 point high-density reticular
autofocus which I have no idea what that
means and an iso range of fifty to a
hundred and two thousand four hundred
and also a maximum burst speed of about
six frames per second so this thing will
sound like a machine gun when you're
going off on the shutter this can also
capture h.264 footage at 1080p 30 frames
per second and 720p 60 frames per second
this is also the first EOS camera to
come with a headphone jack for audio
monitoring but I really don't know who
would use the onboard mic on a DSLR for
a full film but at least it's there now
there is a downside this camera will
cost you roughly a thousand dollars more
than the mark 2 but that being said it
is very awesome for the price of
thirty-five hundred dollars just because
this camera looks absolutely gorgeous
and this just freaking looks overall
awesome so tell me what you guys think
on the camera I'll see you guys later as
always have a nice day bye